we need your action
we have common enemy common virus
Islamic Republic we can cure the person
use the word
we want Canada to understand that they
have to ask for the release of all those
women who protested peacefully against
compulsory hijab as soon as possible
because they want to be heard so this is
our demand and this is 21st century do
not call compulsory a job part of our
culture because calling it this
community a law part of our culture this
is an insult to a nation do not say that
that causeslamophobia we don't want to
touch the issue
because the law which lashes us which
arrests us which kick us from our own
country that causes llamophobia not the
women who are fighting against
oppressive and the discriminatory laws
and do not say that this is an internal
matter we don't want to get involved
well what would you what would you like
more in more detail what would you like
Western leaders to do in relationship to
the ongoing events in Iran what do you
think would be most helpful as far as
you're concerned so if I could sit down
and talk to my prime minister Justin
Trudeau which has about as much chance
of happening as a snowball lasting on
the Sun by the way
um what do you think it is that he
should be doing that would actually be
helpful to the women and men in Iran who
are trying to fight against this
fundamentalist tyranny simple demand I
call on Justin Trudeau to put the
Revolutionary guards
on the terrorist list look three years
ago I was in Canadian Parliament
I was actually begging the policy makers
to put revolutionary guards in the
terrorist list to sanction revolutionary
guards and to sanction all the
oppressors three years ago what happened
I was ignored
I was actually under attack by
some of the Islamic Republic apologists
in Canada
and they're calling themselves activists
human rights activists but they were
echoing the voice of the Iranian regime
and attacking me bullying me why because
I asked Justin Trudeau to actually
sanction revolutionary guards what
happened by ignoring our demand the same
revolutionary guard shot down the
Ukrainian airplane and killed
176 innocent Iranian and Canadian
people so our prime minister is
hypothetically a progressive sort of
person and is hypothetically on the side
of women and so how do you account for
the fact that despite your attendance at
the Canadian Parliament and your request
for support that you never got it how do
you explain that it breaks my heart it
breaks my heart but as you actually got
to know me during this interview I'm not
that kind of person to give up my fight
I'm not that kind of person to give up
uh having hope to convince the leaders
of democratic countries that this is
your turn now you have to
um recognize Iran's Revolution and call
your allies get United kick out the
Islamic Republic diplomats recall the
Islamic recall your ambassadors from
Iran
and publicly announced that the nuclear
deal is dead is dead because you cannot
condemn The Killers the murderers but at
the same time trying to negotiate with
them sending billions of dollars to the
same murder yes can we talk a little bit
about the nuclear deal is is that a
reasonable place to go I I think there's
nothing nothing else to add the nuclear
deal is already dead but what we want we
want the US government and its allies
clearly and publicly announced that
because this is the only thing can help
the Islamic Republic to survive
you know Islamic Republic always put the
blame on us saying that
um you know um this revolution the new
Revolution is being supported by Western
Government but believe me for its own
Survival the Islamic Republic is begging
uh for support to get support from the
Western countries we don't actually ask
for much help from the leaders of
democratic countries what we want is
just we want them to stick with their
own values
that's all and not save the Islamic
Republic while the Iranian people
managed to shake this regime don't go
and shake the hand of the same regime
that's all we want because we believe
that the Islamic Republic is a threat
for the region and for the Democratic
countries as well
and if the Western countries looking for
its stability in the region they cannot
go and negotiate with one of the most
honestable regime they have to recognize
the Civil Society they have to recognize
this modern Progressive Revolution and
they have to stick with the people of
Iran we are
better allies than the Islamic Republic
for the Western countries
right right right so do you believe that
the revolutionary Spirit that's now
manifesting itself in Iran is that
growing or are the mullahs successfully
repressing it because it looks like a
pretty it doesn't look to me like it's
spreading exponentially you know I can't
tell and that's part of the reason why I
wanted to talk to you today I mean the
mullers have a lot of control and they
have a lot of power and authority on
their side and so what's the situation
on the ground and around how widespread
are the protests what percentage of the
population is taking part
um I mean the Chinese successfully have
clamped down on their people time and
time again and maintain their terrible
totalitarian regime and so
what I don't understand the balance of
power in Iran at the moment do you think
that the protesters have any chance here
or are they just going to get shut down
I strongly believe that this time the
protesters are going to win the battle
because look first of all the level of
the brutality is very high I mean people
are facing executions but it's still
still every single person get killed
um people get back to the street and
turn his or her funeral like a massive
protest against the same regime but
don't forget that
um they have money
and they can actually
um you know buy some of the people to uh
to to shut down the protest and to
oppress the the the protesters but at
the same times the more that the Iranian
regime killed the more that the Iranian
people get determined to overthrow this
barbaric regime for me and millions of
other people this time is different this
time is different because
uh this time maybe it's uh like not 2009
demonstrations in 2009 it was mostly
about election
um it's not like 2019 demonstrations
because it was mostly about economic
this time is mixed
people who believe that
um you know this regime is is against
every minority it's against uh men women
LGBT community environment uh it's about
it's against
um
Baha'i Jewish people Kurds Turk baluch
they're all got United but for years and
years the Iranian regime was sucked like
successfully could execute Kurds then
people were like okay we are not Kurds
we are not going to get involved right
they were successfully executing Jewish
people Baha'i minority Arabs Turks but
now immediately when they killed maso
amini people were like we're all Masa
we're all United people didn't say that
we are not women so we're not gonna get
involved with that so this time is
different because they we see a sense of
unity among Iranians inside and outside
this time is unique
because we see a sense of unity among
Iranians and non-iranians outside Iran
you see that you know finally
um people
are supposed celebrities are echoing the
voice of Iranian people
and this is the first time in our
history that we see Iranian well-known
athletes
quitting their jobs and supporting
Iranian Uprising this is the first time
that we see Iranian well-known actress
saying that we don't want to be part of
the propaganda tool
they're removing their hijab and they're
saying we want to be part of this
uprising
so that makes it different right so you
so you're making the case that this this
series of protests this revolutionary
movement in some sense is more
fundamental and also more united it's
not about economics only it's not about
the political situation and Corruption
it's about the fundamentally
totalitarian nature of the state and the
fact that it's oppressing people so
broadly that everyone can be United in
their opposition to that oppression
exactly so you see it as striking at the
heart of the totalitarian state exactly
and as I told you this is the first time
in the history that people are united in
a beautiful way and it actually
empowered many people in autocracy like
Chinese people when they took to the
streets they were actually showing their
support to to Iranian people using the
same slogan woman life Freedom people in
Afghanistan they got empowered by the
slogan of Iranian people so clearly
this Uprising is encouraging uh everyone
to be part of it you know it's beautiful
it's very Progressive it's very
beautiful that you see mothers and
fathers immediately when they lose their
beloved one they take to the street and
saying that this revolution needs blood
and our beloved one you know I mean I
get goosebumps it's not easy for parents
to say that it is not easy
I'm a mother
I cannot even
imagine losing my son when I see that
brave mothers for justice in Iran
immediately when they lose their son
they get a picture of their beloved one
and they write the leading the
Revolution and saying that this
revolution needs a blood and my beloved
on sacrifice her life his life to free
Iran
this is a revolution the revolution
happened inside the heart of Iranian
people you know it's very very
um powerful that you see people know
that this is not free
but they are ready to pay the price
these are like you know to me it's like
um
I'm walking in the history you know in
the history you see about you read about
heroes
but now we actually
um see the real heroes in the streets of
Iran saying that freedom is not free but
we are ready to pay the price to get rid
of the Islamic Republic